No matter how many people surround you
Don't hesitate
Don't be concerned about anything
Don't back down even a single step
They heard the rumors and came running
They seem to have their own reasons
I'm sorry, but since this is
how I truly feel
No matter what happens, it won't change
So show them your one slash of destiny,
of your feelings
Now I'm asking you, can you do it?
If you love someone,
try cutting your own heart
Are you ready to endure
the pain of your emotions?
The red spray of blood
The love spurting out all at once
From a pulsating heartbeat
Carry a sword that doesn't rust!
A cloud of dust that blurs the earth
You, who know how to use your sword
What do you want to take away from me?
Perhaps you don't even know
Witness, then, life's fleeting phantom
See it to the end!
It's fine to be ruthless
If someone loves you,
try to give something equal in return
Are you ready to lose
everything you hold dear?
An honorable life without regrets
is also love
But if you're still going for it,
carry a sword that doesn't rust!
So show them your one slash of destiny,
of your feelings
Now I'm asking you, can you do it?
If you love someone,
try cutting your own heart
Are you ready to endure
the pain of your emotions?
The red spray of blood
The love spurting out all at once
From a pulsating heartbeat
Carry a sword that doesn't rust!